diagram-0.1

                



             Senses — (If remembered become a Basic Object).

             ↓

             Basic Object   —  (Once a Basic Object is remembered
                               the Basic Object rarely changes).     

             ↓



             Object Object is where sensory image (Basic Object) is resolved like a work of Art
             and is used by the mind as thought building blocks.  Words denote Object Objects 
             when the word is in this path of Objects or the Object Path.
 
             E.G. 1. For the Word Chair.
                  2. Basic Object>Object Object>Noun>Common Noun. 
                  3. Basic Object>Object Object>Noun>chair, 
                  4. this example of the Object Path for the word "chair".   
                  
              

             Object Object       →     →               Object Object to Gerund is a singularly sourced from an 
                                                       Object Object. A Gerund is a Logic Word with a Noun Name.
                                 →     →               The "Chair" of the board.  A Gerund is I believe only word 
             ↓                                         that can be singularly related to an object object.  Gerunds                           
                                                       bypass Basic Feelings., go from Object Object → Gerund
                                                       
                                          
             ↓                             

             Object Object       →        Basic Feeling,  Basic Feeling is a Feeling 
             ↓                   →        derived and deduced from Object Objects,  Basic Feeling is derived from                                        
                                          multiply Object Objects, as opposed to a Gerund which only has one                          
                                          association object objects. Basic Feelings are the base for Feeling-Logic     
                                          Object words.
                                        
             ↓


             ↓                             

                                                                  ↓  ↓
             ↓
              
             ↓                                               Feeling Logic Object.
             Words (Nouns).

             Noun                                                   ↓
             Co Noun
             Proper Noun
             Persona Noun                                    Dynamic Filter - Logic Words
             I object
             Adjective
                                                    
             ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                           


                                                Dynamic Filter.
                                                       ↓       Filter.
                                                       ↓         ↓
                     So we have -  Object Objects>Logic Words>Gerunds
     

                                                                                    Dynamic Filter.
                                                                                          ↓        Filter.
                                                                                          ↓           ↓ 
                                -  Object Objects>Basic Feeling>Feeling-Logic Object>Logic Words>Logic Words 
                                            









                                            So the anomaly is The Logic Word Dymamic Filter has two Filters 
                                            Logic Words and Gerunds.  We also have Complimentary Logic Words when 
                                            we talk about Word Families of Gerunds.




                                            Nouns → Gerunds → Logic Words.
                                            Nouns and Gerunds can use the same Name.  E.G. "Chair" is a Noun when     
                                            describing a chair you sit on and Gerund describing E.G. the "Chair" 
                                            of a Board of a meeting one attends.
                                            

                                            Logic Words - Logic Words and Gerunds are different.  Both Logic Words                   
                                            and Gerunds are in the Dynamic Filter Logic Words and both are Feeling-        
                                            Logic Words but a Logic Word in the Dynamic Filter Logic Words can not
                                            have a Noun Name, only a Gerund can have a Noun Name and be Logic.

                                            
                                            All Nouns can be Gerunds and as Gerunds are Logic all Nouns can be        
                                            Logic. This is really the back bone of Language. 
                                              














