



Henrietta was probably English from her mother, Catherine Roberts, who migrated from England. I believe Henrietta had children late, as our family often does. It makes sense that she was born about 1930 and married James Ezzy (Junior) around 1850–60. James Ezzy (or possibly William Charles Ezzy) could have been born about 1910 to Jane Floyd, who became Jane Ezzy, the first free woman in Australia, I believe, from the Third Fleet.

James was a late child. Jane, James Ezzy Junior’s mother, became rich so to speak, but her husband claimed the money when he was no longer a convict. I think the father who married Jane may have had the same name as their son, so the father and son may both have been James. Somehow James Junior got the money. He married late to Catherine and died later. Catherine gave some money to Henrietta, and Henrietta, like my mother, was not good at this sort of thing, so Sydney Henry Abrams — who married Henrietta — was left homeless. Sydney Henry Abrams (pretty sure this is his name) was left homeless when Henrietta gave her house to Clive, her son, who died. Clive’s wife claimed the house and let Henry live there until he died, I believe. Sydney Henry Abrams was really left homeless. He was my great‑grandfather. Sydney’s brother went to California and disappeared.

My grandfather, Keith Ezzy Abrams, was brought up in a house called Merrindale, Kurrajong, Hawkesbury, NSW, with his two uncles, Hubert and Edwin, and my great‑grandmother Catherine. There was also a cousin called Louise. Catherine, Keith’s grandmother, and Catherine’s family brought up Keith like royalty, he was in a bubble. Catherine, my great‑great‑grandmother, brought him up on the English dictionary and Victorian manners. Catherine took Keith as a very young child or baby off Henrietta. I think this was because Henrietta was not too strong, and Keith was brought up in the country in Kurrajong instead of with his parents, Henrietta and Sydney Abrams, who lived in Ashfield, Sydney.

Keith rode a horse and went to the First World War. He was injured but survived, as he was in Artillery and then Messaging. He came back and joined the bank, but I think he found this difficult. He married when he returned from the war, and after the bank work he continued in an orchard given to him by his uncle Herbert in Kurrajong. He wasted all his surplus money given to him by Catherine, I believe. From about 1931, he built an American house which would have been beautiful. Unfortunately, there was a ten‑year drought and then a bushfire in early 1944 that put him out of business. I think he was in trouble anyway, as he was not really agricultural. Keith did not have much of a life after this, I believe.

My mother was born in 1927. Catherine came to give the baton to my mother but died just before seeing her birth, close to that. My mother would say this was a “great aunt”, but what great aunt? I put the picture together — this was Catherine. Catherine also had delusions of royalty. I will include a photo of James Junior and Catherine Ezzy. The original was a glass photo, luckily I took a digital photo before the glass was lost. They are not your usual Aussies. My mother is presently in a home in Canberra.

My mother married my father in 1950. He was the youngest officer in the Air Force. My mother, Lorna Florence Smith (formerly Lorna Florence Abrams), got a childcare degree — a degree must have been very rare for a woman. Her husband was from a broken family, I believe, as they separated; my father did not talk about this much. He was in the Second World War at the end, flying an Avro Anson transporting people. After this, my father did engineering, including in England. His stories have a sort of loneliness about them. He took a very Imperial attitude, and my parents suited each other. Again, there was a bubble. My father was really downgraded when the system went from Imperial to Metric. My parents brought me up with high ideals. They identified with the English. Sydney Henry Abrams, my great‑grandfather, was not really recognised, though not many people are. I think Keith Ezzy Abrams only ever had one friend, Black George.

I was born in 1960. I never knew I was black. Even now it makes me feel uncomfortable. As we were in the Air Force, we moved around a lot. I had learning difficulties but got a BA Sculpture Visual CBR. I have always been slightly alienated. I was half forced out of the art world, but I still make sculptures. Only recently have I been able to write and use Copilot to read the news and make a web page set.

I believe Sydney Henry Abrams may have been from Israel. Sydney was my mother’s grandfather. He worked as an accountant for a Christian church and was left destitute by a bad decision of his wife, Henrietta Ezzy. I think racism against Jewish people may have been the reason the family projected itself as English. It did not really help, as we have always been slightly alienated. Keith Ezzy Abrams could not break the spell. He sent a letter to General Abrams but had no recourse. I think Keith died alone. 

Henrietta, Keith’s mother, married Sydney Henry Abrams — my great‑grandfather, I believe. Henrietta was given money from Catherine that James Ezzy Junior, her husband, somehow got from his family originating from the Third Fleet. This is the only way I can explain their wealth and how Keith Ezzy Abrams made large purchases, and how Henrietta owned the house that she did not leave to Sydney Henry Abrams but gave to her son, who died, and the house went to Clive Abrams’ wife.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jane Floyd/Ezzy + James Ezzy Senior → Catherine Roberts/Ezzy + James Ezzy Junior  → Henrietta Ezzy + Sydney Henry Abrams → Keith Ezzy Abrams + Florence Emily Munro/Abrams → Lorna Florence Abrams/Smith + David Harry Smith → Christopher P Smith and three other brothers.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------